# Dijkstra Algorithm implementation with an Abstract Data Type(ADT) and a Priority Queue

  This program creates 2 random graph with 50 nodes and densities of 20% and 40%. Then calculates the path lengths from node 0 to every other node and finally finds the average path length. 
  
  Writing such a program was quite a challenge because of the Abstract Data Type, but it was worth it. It taught me a bunch of things. Firstly i leanred how to use vectors and lists of the STD Library of C++ and what are their implemented methods. Then how to write classes with private and public variables and methods. I became more familiar with OOP programming. How to use constructors and destructors form my classes , especially because vectors and lists have their own in STD library. How to use new and delete for memeory manangement even though i end up not using them. How C++ uses the stack and heap for memory management. The hardest thing was to design the ADT so in the end would not only work corectly, but also be efficient. The implementation of the Priority queue and Dijkstra algorithm was very intresting because i learned the power of classes in organizing the entities of my logic and how they interacted between each other. While i was writing the code i leanrned how important is the design of the ADT in order to write simple, decoupling code in the spirit of OOP. The code end up more complex and coupled than i would like. When i wanted to change something, i had to make multiple code changes. If i were to spent some more time programming i would like to try a whole different approach to this problem.
